cilium: initial xdp-based nodeport implementation (#10877)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/kubeproxy-free.rst

        --set global.k8sServiceHost=API_SERVER_IP \\
        --set global.k8sServicePort=API_SERVER_PORT

NodePort XDP Acceleration
*************************

> Cilium has built-in support for accelerating NodePort, ExternalIPs and LoadBalancer
> services for the case where the arriving request needs to be pushed back out of the
> node when the backend is located on a remote node. This acting as a hairpinned load
> balancer can be handled by Cilium at the XDP (eXpress Data Path) layer where BPF is
> operating directly in the networking driver instead of a higher layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cilium has built-in support for accelerating NodePort, ExternalIPs and LoadBalancer
services for the case where the arriving request needs to be pushed back out of the
node when the backend is located on a remote node. This ability to act as a hairpin load
balancer can be handled by Cilium at the XDP (eXpress Data Path) layer where BPF is
operating directly in the networking driver instead of a higher layer.
```

The mode setting ``global.nodePort.acceleration`` allows to enable this acceleration
through the options ``native`` or ``generic``. The option ``none`` is the default
and disables the acceleration. The setting of ``global.nodePort.acceleration=native``
should **always** be preferred over ``generic`` since the latter is a fallback only
suitable for testing drivers which do not have XDP support. The majority of drivers
supporting 10G or higher rates also support native XDP on a recent kernel. For cloud

> based deployments most of these drivers have SR-IOV variants that support XDP as well.

Reviewer: This paragraph spends about three sentences (the majority) encouraging `native` mode (which is good!), but it doesn't state when you might need `generic` mode.

Author: Makes sense, will elaborate there.
